[KEYS JANGLE, DOOR UNLOCKING]
There she is.
Oh, my God. Kimmy.
Really?
What is going on
with you?
She's never done anything
like this before, never.
She's a straight-A
student.
She's always got
her nose in a book.
I don't know
what to tell you, ma'am.
She was caught
red-handed.
A thief?
You know better
than this, Kim.
I-I'd say
I'm disappointed,
but that doesn't
even begin to cover it.
What happens now?
Well, when
the merchandise in question
is over $20 in value,
it is company policy
to call the police.
KIM'S MOM:
The police?
You know what?
Maybe that's for the best.
Nip it in the bud.
I mean,
protecting her
from the consequences
of her actions--
MAN:
I do have
some discretion here.
Our main concern is
we just don't wanna see
the same faces
over and over.
So if you
can promise me
that this was
a one-time thing...
Well, Kim,
you heard Mr. Pearson.
Are you going to
do it again?
No.
I'd like to believe that.
And what was so wonderful
that you just had to steal it?
Earrings.
What?
I--
I can't even hear you.
Earrings and a necklace.
Earrings and a necklace?
Unbelievable.
It's part of our
new Starlight collection.
Priced at 34.50,
but that one is unsellable.
The chain was broken when she
tried to hide it in that purse.
My God. 34.50?
What about tax?
No, I don't expect you to...
I'm not paying for it. She is.
This is coming out of
your allowance.
I don't care
if it takes 10 years.
She's going to wish
we called the police.
MAN:
Well, including sales tax,
it's $35.53.
Thirty-five...
It's really not necessary.
Well, this is...
I can-- I can give you
$13 right now.
And we'll come back
with the rest.
Ma'am, really,
it's fine.
You've been
very, very kind.
Well, Kim,
what do we say?
Thank you.
You know, you've got
a fine mother there.
You don't wanna
disappoint her again.
Thank you for being
so understanding.
Oh, it's my
pleasure.
Best of luck.
[CHUCKLES]
"Nip it in the bud." Heh.
I didn't know
you had it in you.
Here.
I got you something.
See? Your mom's good
for something, huh?
Hey, kiddo, relax.
You got away with it.
[PLAYING ON CAR STEREO]
♪ Why don't you use it? ♪
♪ Try... ♪
[MUTED]
♪ ...not to bruise it ♪
♪ Buy time... ♪
♪ ...lucky clover
Isn't that bizarre? ♪
♪ Every little thing
The reflex does ♪
♪ Leaves you answered with
A question mark ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Climb aboard a butterfly
An' take off on the breeze ♪
♪ Let your worries flutter by
An' do the things you please ♪
♪ In a land where dollar bills
Are fallin' off the trees ♪
♪ On a dreamer's holiday ♪
[WHIRRING]
♪ every day for breakfast ♪
♪ There's a dish
Of scrambled stars ♪
[CAR ALARM CHIRPS]
♪ An' for lunchin'
You'll be munchin' ♪
♪ Rainbow candy bars ♪
♪ You'll be livin' a la mode
On Jupiter and Mars ♪
♪ On a dreamer's holiday ♪
♪ Make it a long vacation ♪
♪ Just bring along
The one you love ♪
♪ Help yourself to happiness ♪
♪ An' sprinkle it with mirth ♪
♪ Close your eyes
An' concentrate ♪
♪ An' dream
For all you're worth ♪
♪ From a dreamer's ♪
♪ Holiday ♪
Hi.
Morning.
How did you sleep?
Good. And you?
All right, I think.
Didn't you say
something about
replacing the mattress
out there?
It's fine.
That is for you.
Thanks.
We should talk
about the Abramson fundraiser.
Is that coming up?
Next Friday.
I can't believe
it's been a whole year.
How do you
wanna handle it?
Well, however you want.
You could go, or I could go.
Or, if it's easier,
we could both go.
I'll go.
Sure.
Probably for the best.
Actually, there is something
you should know
about
a situation I'm dealing with.
You remember what was going on
with Chuck's brother, Jimmy?
You mean, with the bowling balls
and so on, that's not over with?
I think it's getting worse.
In fact, it's possible
you might hear or see something.
I couldn't say what.
Just know that,
if you do, whatever it is,
I'm handling it.
I will put an end to this,
whatever it takes.
I thought you should know.
Duly noted.
I'm having dinner
with the Appels tonight,
so you've got the house
to yourself.
Tell them I said hello.
I will.
PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR:
He saw clients
starting at 9 a.m.
One tried to bring
a pet cockatiel
into the waiting room.
That caused
a bit of a ruckus.
Then, it was more clients
until lunch at 1:15.
Takeout for him and
the receptionist, Taco Cabeza.
After that,
another four clients.
He left the office around 2.
Made a quick stop
for coffee,
same place
as the day before.
2:30 to 3:20,
he was down at the courthouse
for a bail hearing,
then back to the office.
Home at 10 after 8.
Wednesday was more
of the same.
Out at 8:30,
got to the office,
by a quarter of,
clients all day.
That takes us
to the second composite,
case you wanna
check them out.
He got lunch for himself and his
receptionist at around 1:30,
the Vietnamese place again.
Then in the--
What's this?
Yeah,
I was just getting to that.
That was three days ago,
only time he broke the pattern.
Stopped at Cradock Marine
over on Central
instead of going
straight to the office.
Looked like he made
a cash withdrawal.
I couldn't get a good angle
through the window,
but I counted
four, maybe five stacks.
I'd say somewhere
in the ballpark of 20 grand.
I'm not a lawyer.
But is there any reason
he'd need that much cash
in the normal course
of business?
No legitimate reason.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
MAN:
Thank you so much, doc.
Of course, of course.
Come on in.
We'll take a look.
It's gonna be okay.
Gonna be okay.
[KEYS JANGLE]
Come on.
Okay,
Fernando's gonna be fine.
The shot I gave him
will settle his stomach,
but I wanna keep him
for a few more minutes,
make sure he doesn't have
any reactions.
After that, you're all set.
That's a relief.
We were worried.
We're lucky you were
able to see us.
[GRUNTING]
Oh, it's no problem.
I was already here
with another patient.
All right, be back.
[DOGS BARKING]
All right,
how are we doing here?
JIMMY:
I don't know. I guess
my skin's a little dry
where you put that stuff on,
but otherwise...
Are you sure
you used enough?
Absolutely.
Just give it
a little more time.
Look all the way to the right.
Look to the left.
What's it gonna
feel like?
Depends on how used
to caffeine you are.
You're not gonna be
tripping balls,
but it's gonna
feel like
two Red Bulls
on an empty stomach.
And how long
is it gonna last?
A guy roughly your size?
Yeah.
An hour, two.
And if there's a blood test?
This is not showing up
on any blood panel
they run in this town.
You're gonna do this,
this is the way to go.
Here.
Whoa-whoa!
Promise me
this has been sterilized.
It's brand-new.
And for you,
it goes under the armpit.
Okay. Sorry.
[VET SIGHS]
I cannot wait to be done
with all of this.
I hear you.
You know,
I read somewhere
that vets are even
more depressed than lawyers.
[CHUCKLES]
Depressed? No, no, no.
I love being a vet.
Look over there.
See that?
That's what it's all about.
Animals are my life.
It's this other stuff
that's getting to be too much,
no offense.
Anyway, a guy's gotta know
when he's bagged his limit.
So you're closing up shop?
VET: Yep. Leaving town.
Once I sell
my little black book,
it's gonna be
all animals all the time.
Black book?
VET: Yeah, keys to the kingdom.
You call me up,
you're looking for a someone.
[PATS SELF]
Keep all my someones in here.
Can I see it?
Knock yourself out.
All right, yeah, I think
we found the Zodiac killer.
VET:
Well, I'm not keeping
my contacts in plain English.
"Best Quality Vacuum"?
JIMMY:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right,
let's give it another 10.
I'll be back.
What a waste.
You think?
Well, do you see
how many people
he had in that book?
I mean, he's raking it in,
day in, day out.
It's passive income,
minimal risk.
I can't believe
he's walking away from that.
Well,
he knows what he wants.
Anything?
Not really.
[GASPS]
Oh, my God.
What?
[STAMMERS, CHUCKLES]
Whoa.
JUDGE:
Hold on, hold on.
Let's just cut to the chase.
Your client, who has,
let's call it a checkered past,
was pulled over for a clear
violation of traffic laws
and found in possession of
a felony quantity of marijuana.
And now you are asking me
to throw out this evidence?
In words of one syllable,
how does this pass
the smell test?
KIM:
Your Honor. Ahem.
This is what
this is all about.
According to
Officer Connell's report,
this is the reason
Joshua Holcome was pulled over.
New Mexico
Statute 66-3-846,
driving with
an obstructed window.
This morning,
I did an informal survey
of the courthouse
parking lot,
and by my count,
over a third of the vehicles
had something similar
hanging from
their rearview mirrors.
I believe your car
was one of them, Your Honor.
So...
[SIGHS]
...unless you
and 47 of our colleagues
have outstanding
tickets,
I'd argue that the statute
is not regularly enforced.
LAWYER:
Your Honor, this was
a perfectly reasonable
routine stop for cause.
What's the point here?
KIM:
The point is that
this was not routine.
Officer Connell knew
my client.
In fact,
he arrested him five years ago,
when Joshua was a juvenile.
And Officer Connell's record
shows that this
is only the third citation
he's written for this statute
in almost 20 years.
So either this
is an incredible coincidence
or Officer Connell
recognized my client,
and used the dangler
as a pretext
to violate
his Fourth Amendment rights.
Your Honor, all I'm asking
is that you take another look
at the officer's statement.
Ask yourself if
the State's version of events
passes the smell test.
That was nicely argued.
Thanks. We'll see
what the judge does.
[CHUCKLES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Defense like that takes time
to pull together, doesn't it?
What do you think it took,
30 hours?
Oh, probably more like 50.
Fifty hours. Huh.
And the contracts office,
they pay...?
Seven hundred a case, flat.
So you're making minimum wage,
more or less.
Whew!
I've been meaning to ask,
if you don't mind.
How did you leave things
with Howard Hamlin?
I wouldn't be here today
if it wasn't for Howard.
I wouldn't be an attorney.
I wouldn't have met my husband.
I owe Howard and HHM a lot.
Have you heard of
the Jackson Mercer Foundation?
Of course. They fund
justice reform programs
on the East Coast.
I wish we had something
like that out here.
Well, it's a bit hush-hush
at the moment, but we will soon.
And that's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
FRANCESCA:
We're closed!
Francesca?
Oh, Kim!
Hi! Come on in.
Thanks.
It's good to see you.
You too.
Jimmy was so thrilled
when you said you would
work for him again.
Well, so far, so good.
It's no Wexler-McGill.
They're still working
in the back.
Okay. My God,
look at this place.
Yeah, Jimmy-- Sorry, Saul
is letting me take a free hand.
I'm going for a vibe
that's professional and refined
but still,
you know, inviting.
Oh, it's definitely inviting.
It's-- It's--
It's classy.
Thanks.
I don't know
if you saw it before,
but it's come a long way.
That whole back wall
is brand-new.
Everything has been repainted.
I know there's a lot of molding.
I found a contractor
who does it for a price,
so I just went for it.
I've also got a pair
of water features coming.
For serenity.
Wow, Francesca,
you really have an eye.
It's still
a work-in-progress.
I can't wait
to see the final product.
But I know
you were on your way out.
I don't wanna keep you.
Yeah, I should get going.
Oh, yeah.
Congratulations!
The wedding?
Saul told me
you guys got married.
Can I ask,
are you registered anywhere?
That is so sweet.
[STAMMERS, CHUCKLES]
No, it was all very low-key.
We have everything we need.
Okay.
Well, it's great
to see you again.
Yeah, you too.
Have a good night,
Francesca.
Hmm...
[MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
IN BACKGROUND]
Well, this could work,
right?
No, our guy has more of
a curl on the ends.
MAN:
It doesn't matter.
Nothing matters.
It's an action shot.
I'm gonna shoot it
one-thirteenth of a second,
give us a blur.
JIMMY: Blur? No, no blur, okay?
We need him to be recognized.
That's the whole point.
Kim, hey.
Hi, everyone.
Hi.
We started late
because someone
took forever
to get the equipment.
I don't control
when they do inventory.
Hey, I'm playing
a man of substance, am I not?
What?
I see him
as a man of means, of style.
No. These are just stills,
Lenny. Just keep it simple.
But just to ask,
what if my character
grows something more like that?
It's docu-drama.
Doc. Reality. Right?
Just keep it simple.
And no improvisation.
Yes, yes, yes.
He's gonna be great. Come here.
Weigh in on this?
Okay. Uh...
All right.
Let's try this one.
Just trim it a little bit
and put wax on the ends.
Yes! That one!
Trimmed and waxed!
You got it.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'll talk to you later.
Let's keep this going!
You wanna...?
Ten minutes to set, guys!
Thank you, 10!
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
You're doing great.
I am, aren't I?
Holy shit!
The Jackson Mercer Foundation?
That's like
the Good Housekeeping
seal of approval.
Well,
it's not a done deal.
Some of
the foundation board members
are flying in next week
to meet
the lieutenant-governor
at a luncheon in Santa Fe,
so they are inviting
a select group of people with...
Cliff called them up-and-coming
organizations, and...
Yeah.
Cliff thinks I have a good shot.
A good shot?
You have more than a shot.
They're gonna love you
on sight.
Only thing is,
the lunch is on D-Day.
So? What? You don't have to
be there on the day.
Was Eisenhower
on Omaha Beach? No.
Kim, this is great.
Right?
It's huge.
It is pretty great.
Kim, this is fantastic.
[♪♪♪]
[IN GERMAN]
Good day.
This is private property.
Who are you looking for?
Are you lost?
[IN ENGLISH]
Yeah, sorry,
I don't speak any German.
[IN ENGLISH]
Are you lost?
It's a beautiful place
you have here.
The air,
it's just so fresh.
Do I know you?
Well, I don't think
we've officially met.
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
Who are you?
Lalo Salamanca.
I'm not here for you.
This is about Fring.
[COUGHS]
I wanna know...
[GASPING]
I wanna know
what he's building.
How did you find me?
Margarethe...
Margarethe Ziegler.
What have you done to her?
Nothing.
You sent her a gift.
[WHEEZING]
What is this?
[YELPS, GROANING]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[WAILS]
I think you broke
one of my ribs.
[GROANING]
Here.
Tie that off
before you bleed to death.
You and I
are gonna have a talk.
[MACHINERY HUMMING]
[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[WOMAN COUGHING]
[COUGHING CONTINUES]
[HOCKING A LOOGIE]
[MAN SNORING]
JIMMY:
The last thing you want
is to look like
you're some kind of loner.
If someone can come with you,
a boyfriend or girlfriend,
that's a good thing.
If you can convince
your mom,
that's even better.
If granny's still alive,
jackpot.
Thank you,
my dear.
So if you will just
sign on the dotted line,
we'll have you back to
the Rusty Bucket by happy hour.
You made that call, right?
Try to-- Make it--
About that,
I just had
a couple of questions.
Francesca, can we sidebar
in the law library? Ahem.
What is
the holdup?
I just-- I don't know
if I'm comfortable.
Is this
even legal?
I'm sorry, which of us
went to law school?
Because I could stand here
and go through
the ins and outs
of what's
"legal" with you,
but we're on a clock.
I just--
Francesca,
let's get something
straight, okay?
We can't be holding a graduate
seminar in Constitutional Law
every time I give you
something to do.
[STAMMERING]
But I-- I'm not sure--
You know what I'm paying you.
It is above market.
To whom much is given,
much is expected.
We're not gonna make
a habit of this.
Of course not.
Absolutely. No, no, no.
Here. Put it on speaker
and let me hear.
[PHONE RINGS]
MAN [ON PHONE]:
Hamlin, Hamlin, McGill.
[STAMMERING]
Uh... Hi... um, there.
I'm calling because
my-my mother is...
Well, I guess
she's a client of yours.
She lives in the Sandpiper
Assisted Living...
Sandpiper? Of course.
Let me transfer you.
It's just a phone call.
Okay?
WOMAN [ON PHONE]:
Good afternoon,
do you have a question about
the Sandpiper Crossing case?
Yes, my mother is out
at the facility in Amarillo,
says she's supposed to call in
to some meeting on Thursday?
Yes. You're talking about
the mediation?
That's it.
Thing is she's lost
her dial-in instructions.
I'm just looking everywhere
and can't find them.
I'd be happy to help you
with that.
It's very important to us
that all the class members
are  fully  looped in.
What's your mother's name?
Marnie Stuber.
That's S-T-U-B-E-R.
Bless your heart, heh.
She'll be so relieved,
heh, heh.
Okay, it's very simple.
The meeting is happening
at our offices,
so she just  has to call
the main line,
same number you called
just now, press 7,
and enter the passcode.
I can give that to you now.
Do you have a pen?
Uh...
[STAMMERING]
Yep. I'm ready.
Okay. It's 8-4-2-1-5-9.
8-4-2-1-5-9?
That's right.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Of course. Take care.
Mm.
Was that so hard?
[URINATING]
[GASPS]
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Stop!
No, wait!
Don't turn around.
Finish what you're doing.
Yeah, yeah.
Finish.
Oh, yeah.
Hey,
where are you going?
Clean up on aisle 9.
You clean it up.
[GROANS]
[URINATING CONTINUES]
Steady.
Need something?
Yeah. The boss
sent me.
He wants to know why
you took guys off your house.
I haven't been home
for more than an hour
in the last three weeks.
Still.
Salamanca knows who you are.
He could show up there.
We're stretched thin.
I made a judgment call.
Yeah. Stretched thin.
You got guys at
the lawyers', the garage,
Varga's upholstery shop,
El Mich--
Your point?
Seems to me
the most obvious place
to pull from
is Alameda Street.
My guys stay on Alameda.
Alameda is a long shot.
The boss has a problem,
he knows how to reach me.
If you have a problem...
I'm right here.
[♪♪♪]
Hey, Bryan.
Thanks, Mike.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Hey, honey.
STACEY:
Just a sec, Mike.
Almost ready.
KAYLEE:
Wanna know the star
closest to Earth?
STACEY:
Tell me.
KAYLEE:
It's the sun.
STACEY:
That's right.
KAYLEE:
Hi, Pop-Pop.
Hey, kiddo.
You ready for some stargazing?
KAYLEE:
Yeah.
How's your view?
Not too much light?
No, it's good.
Good.
All right,
I want you to start
by finding the Big Dipper
for me.
Um...
I've got it.
You see the handle and the bow?
Uh-huh.
Trace the line
across the bottom of the bow
till you see a bunch of stars
that look like
a backward question mark.
Oh! It's Leo the Lion.
I see him. There's his head.
There you go.
What's that underneath?
The really bright one.
Is it a planet?
You know what?
That might just be Jupiter.
Wow!
I think Jupiter is
my favorite.
Did you know it's the largest
planet in our solar system?
Is it?
Bigger than the Earth?
Uh-huh.
It's called the gas giant.
Ooh...
That's not very nice.
Pop-Pop,
it's not that kind of gas.
Oh. Oh, my mistake.
What's next?
Hey, almost bedtime.
Let's say good night.
But, Mom...
Hey, hey, hey.
You do what your mother says.
That stars will still be
in the sky tomorrow night.
I promise.
Okay.
Good night, Pop-Pop.
Love you.
Love you, baby.
Thanks for doing this, Mike.
How's Chattanooga?
Oh, it's fine. I'm...
going to have to stay here
longer than I expected.
Really?
Well, I hope
they're paying you overtime.
They're making it
worth my while.
That's good to hear.
Good night, Pop.
Good night, dear.
Same time tomorrow?
Wouldn't miss it
for the world.
[PHONE SNAPS SHUT]
[WATER RUNNING]
[EXHALES]
We didn't miss anything.
[GASPS]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Hey, let's go out.
Out where?
Omaha Beach.
[GRUNTS]
Here's to tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
[CLINKS]
JIMMY:
Hey, you got this. All right?
Today is our day.
Victory in Santa Fe,
victory in Albuquerque.
[CHUCKLES]
That sounds good.
Don't worry about anything
except for your pitch.
I'll record the whole show.
We can listen to it later.
It's a date.
Hmm...
MAN: I'm sorry.
I don't think we have it, sir.
Ah. You do.
I'm looking at it.
It's the wood box.
Upper left.
Oh. Right you are.
I didn't realize we had
any left.
Gotta warn you though,
it's on the pricey side.
495 for the bottle.
And worth every penny.
Oh, you've had it before?
'Cause I was gonna let you know
about the stopper here,
it's pretty sharp.
Thanks. I'll be careful.
All right. Well,
drink it in good health.
CLERK:
Thanks, come again.
Can I help you, sir?
CUSTOMER:
I think you're holding
a bottle for me.
Casimiro.
CLERK: Let me take a look.
It's all paid for.
Great.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
WOMAN:
Excuse me.
Fuck! Fuck.
[GROANS]
[♪♪♪]
[BREATHING HEAVILY, CHUCKLES]
Ultimately,
it's about equal justice.
A system that works
for everyone.
A justice system
that works for everyone.
And what is more important
than that if--
[PHONE RINGS]
[PHONE BEEPS ON]
Hey, Jimmy.
Flag on the play.
You're not gonna believe this,
but I just ran into Casimiro.
The  real  one.
Oh, God.
Yeah, and before you ask,
he didn't shave his mustache.
He broke his arm.
Are you serious?
The guy has a giant cast
on his left arm.
And I just checked
all the pictures,
and you can see his arm
in every single one of them.
No cast. Clear as day.
Shit.
Shit!
I know! I know!
But, hey, hey, hey.
Look at it this way,
if I hadn't seen him...
I mean, that really
could've sunk us. Right?
So we're gonna pull the plug
and we are going to  live
to fight another day.
What other day?
We'll figure it out.
I promise, okay?
Just go, just do your thing
in Santa Fe,
and we'll regroup
when you get home tonight.
Kim?
Kim, are you still there?
Yes.
Did you hear what I said?
It happens today.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[♪♪♪]